[Music]
hi this is Andrew buzzing - big spear as
promised we have the hunt for mr. Gould
Park Zoo today I'm going to open 8 packs
and Jill's gonna help me open seven
packs all right let's open this up and
get our first pack out right right here
let's open it looks like we have the
room and Commander you don't have this
guy yet - that's good
all right so those the Roman commander
he's got a cool little helmet the sword
it's a full battle armor this guy is
ready for war so let's put the inner
side get on to next pack who are we
gonna get this time we have the painter
again here you have the sky we got two
of these in episode 1 you want to see
that click here there's a picture of
this guy's bill get on to our next I
really like these filming pigs you all
right run another row man coming in ders
you saw that two bags ago so
alright guys we already have a Miss it's
called a revolutionary soldier so we'll
build that a little later
you have another Romans man not three of
these today so Wow at least once in the
giveaway looks bad
we just really want to see cool all
right I see some shining and it's this
guy over there yeah
as you heard on my other video well I'll
give mine to my mom if she goes
skydiving but you got it you guys
published all that on my cruise mr. Will
Hunting video so we're on vegetable
alright so what do we get two little
hairs up its the grandpa you don't have
him yet still within really fast right
here is the grandpa minifig these you
got a coffee cup like Ugly Betty
yeah the newspaper that says the old
times on it and they saw little bald
head you can remove the bold head and
you can put them on another minifigures
like Darth Vader don't wanna wear
because he has a yellow headed and gray
on him but it's pretty cool to see
bolding her favor love him now I'm gonna
open up bad game
I mean it's a clown all right so you got
the sad clown too bad I'm pretty sad so
those were my eight packs and Joel's
gonna open seven more Hey Joe come on
hi guys now it's my turn to open some
packs so here's our first stop oh and I
forgot to tell you I have scissors mr.
Willoughby in there we have to be really
careful not to cut the paper
oh it says that got that other way so I
got the paintballers we don't have this
one yet so here's a paintballers and he
has a paintball gun and has a helmet and
he has a lot of pink on him cutter looks
like a rainbow coupe
oh and I forgot on the back it has
orange pink and that kind of looks like
orange boo-boo
now we're gonna go to Pat - but if mr.
borders in this room it looks like we
got the painter again onto number three
pack will it be mystical please
we have to find mr. old we got the
motorcycle mechanic here's a picture of
the motorcycle mechanic is if you didn't
see it last time I shall pass number
four kids make sure you don't cut your
fingers oh it's another paintballer
Oh we'll just put that aside since we
all they don't pass number sighs mr.
pickle wait I know who this is
we got that time I'll call your okay so
let me put this together real fast we
don't have this guy yet so here's the
tomahawk warrior he's Native American
news but Aloha this is better jewelry
and here's got a little armband and it
come hot does red warheads let's open
the next one
it's a seat captain it's booby Eagle yes
we got it last time so here's a picture
there's the last pack of today
this is my last pack let's hope it's mr.
gold
I think it's her I know it's gonna be
here because it has long hair
yep it's her gotta another warrior woman
we got this last time so near the
picture overall my pouch and now I'm
gonna go get evidence for the conclusion
of it alright guys here's the 15 that
without today
[Music]
no mr. bullet in this time but we saw a
dirty pack so maybe we'll get him they
do a lot
so that's part two and part three will
be coming out pretty soon see you guys
next time bye
[Music]